Time-stamp: <2017-06-29 14:31 charles README>

Debian packages you may want, among others:

apt install make jade jadetex docbook ldp-docbook-dsssl lynx

This directory has the SGML source and related files for the Linux
Complete Backup and Recovery HOWTO. It should have everything you need
by way of source to build the HOWTO in various formats such as pdf,
HTML and TeX.

Run make with no arguments. That will build some directories for
you. Then you can run "make all" to build the whole kazoo, or "make
html" to build just the html files, etc. For a complete list of the
available targets, see the file Makefile.

The original scripts are in the subdirectory scripts. They are exactly
as I use them on my test environment, and with the small amount of
editing described in the HOWTO they should be ready for you to
use. They are here so that the SGML source for the HOWTO can
incorporate them by inclusion, rather like C's "#include". Before the
SGML translator code can use the scripts, some SGML cruft has to be
added to each one. The script "buildscripts" does that. It is called
from the makefile, so you shouldn't have to be concerned with it. The
cooked scripts end up in the directory "cooked".

You may add scripts to the "scripts" subdirectory without modifying
the makefile. However, script names must match "[a-z]*". If you
absolutely must have some other script name, change the file name glob
in the definition of SCRIPTS in Makefile. Make sure you call the new
script from "cooked" or it won't pass SGML verification.

The target "clean" gets rid of intermediate files like the cooked
scripts and all of the final production. Use it to be sure you have
killed off any intermediate cruft.

You may have to edit the paths to the style sheets. This works on Red
Hat Linux 7.1. BTW, I use GNU Make version 3.79.1.

Enjoy. Happy backing up.
